README.md, before:

# ENGE320-Program10
Atari Breakout by Zach Wilson on 12/6/2016 for ENGE320
I only added the relevant .c and .h files for this project


# Program information and Objectives below:
/*****************************************************************
* Name        : <Zach Wilson>
* Program     : Program <10>
* Class       : ENGE 320
* Date        : <12/6/16>
* Description : <Atari Breakout>
* =============================================================
* Intro screen has name/options: (10) ____
* Game screen prints lives, high score, score: (20) ____
* High score is maintained between games: (10) ____
* Ball bounces properly off of wall/bricks: (30) ____
* Ball bounces variably off of paddle: (20) ____
* Ball only erases one brick for each hit: (10) ____
* Paddle moves correctly in horizontal: (10) ____
* Paddle moves correctly in vertical: (10) ____
* Sounds are emitted at the appropriate time and don�t affect game play: (20) ____
* Sounds are varied for different elements: (10) ____
* Game continues play faster when bricks are clear: (10) ____
* Game plays demo mode after delay: (30) ____
* Game lives operate correctly: (10) ____
* Total = ______ / 200
*****************************************************************/

Commit message:

updated to add discussion on picture of game play

README.md, after:

# ENGE320-Program10
Atari Breakout by Zach Wilson on 12/6/2016 for ENGE320\
I only added the relevant .c and .h files for this project\

The picture I took is a freeze frame from a video of the game in "auto-play" mode, where the paddle is predicting the next loaction of the ball and moving towards it. The ball looks strange only because it is in the process of being re-drawn (Where the prior position pixels of the ball would be erased).


# Program information and Objectives below:
/*****************************************************************
* Name        : <Zach Wilson>
* Program     : Program <10>
* Class       : ENGE 320
* Date        : <12/6/16>
* Description : <Atari Breakout>
* =============================================================
* Intro screen has name/options: (10) ____
* Game screen prints lives, high score, score: (20) ____
* High score is maintained between games: (10) ____
* Ball bounces properly off of wall/bricks: (30) ____
* Ball bounces variably off of paddle: (20) ____
* Ball only erases one brick for each hit: (10) ____
* Paddle moves correctly in horizontal: (10) ____
* Paddle moves correctly in vertical: (10) ____
* Sounds are emitted at the appropriate time and don�t affect game play: (20) ____
* Sounds are varied for different elements: (10) ____
* Game continues play faster when bricks are clear: (10) ____
* Game plays demo mode after delay: (30) ____
* Game lives operate correctly: (10) ____
* Total = ______ / 200
*****************************************************************/
